come and get [Music]
it a song in my heart showed me a road not often taken
you gave me a start all
way why did you ever change your name all the
way why did you ever change your name
because you were like a whale on the ocean Wild and Free you
came and you were like a stone coming out of
mountains never to be Ted all the
way why did you ever change your name all
way why did you ever change your [Music]
name welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday night bible
studies seventh and final season tonight we're going to take a look at a mystery
that you have not had revealed we're going to tonight we're going to
look to peer with the Most Blessed eyes into the most holy territory we're going
to see within that space um and you know you couldn't get it elsewhere because
nobody reads the text anymore right fantastic we're g to see through tonight
we're g to see through the deception we're going to see into the language
we're going to see all the fairy tale event evaporate tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon tonight I want to just jump right in head first what we need to do
is get you the material this is more like a scoop than anything else but we
need to get you the material we need to show you tonight I want you to thank to yourself Associates tonight we're going
to look at the associates of Jesus Christ we're GNA see Jesus Christ and his associates this terribly terribly
important relationship that follows him all the way to his trial if you you can
call it that before his execution that relationship with
his members that's what's really an issue
it's what he's doing it's what his members are doing and his relationship to them are you ready to see
some disciples are you ready to see some of his associates let's take you let's
take you right there I want to open up with just this I want to set set the space as we get out of the
spaceship we step into this time smell the air feel the Greek right what is
this there where what place are we going to where does Jesus like to go like to
go where does Jesus like to go he likes to go to the paradise baby doesn't
everybody like to go to paradise this place smells great it's a Vineyard it's
a cultivation and we're going to go there why why this
place that's always always teeming with life why does Jesus go there let's go to
the next one fantastic oh there we are um see hear the Blessed music stop and
then the cue the villain music right there's this dude Judas you know he
knows that place right he knows it keep going why does Jesus always go there
um by the way Judas said he is a bold
guy he is a bold guy Judas didn't take nothing look at what's
going on here Christ is what what's he doing here you see the Christ there at the top you see it what's he doing he's
enjoying walks in the darkness wait what yes if he had a profile it would say
enjoys walks in the dark I not kidding you people he likes
to be out there in this place it's across the Little River you go out there and you're all by yourself and it's
Shady it's dark you can do things out there right he spends his time what's he
do he takes his kids out there he takes his children out there you didn't think
they'd arrest him with a grownup did you no When Jesus got arrested he got arrested with a naked kid here it is
oh great this is the place he likes to go so I want everybody get out of the spaceship tonight we're in the we're in
the garden we're in the garden right who cultivates this place some of these boys
are on the inside by the way you know they they're working with the priests
wait what they're working with the temple priests did anybody bother to ask
the question of why it is that young nymph girls are guarding the temp
Temple administering the temple does anybody wonder about that okay let's put
it seems out of place doesn't it it's kind of strange isn't it for girls to be doing what this misogynistic society and
this misogynist that God want them to do is that what you want squeezed out you
want that little unreality squeezed out there like a pimple like a pimple let's
go go back to the text love it hang a riot at that star system fantastic yeah
here it is in Christ what is he he's hanging out in that place right he's that's where he Co he goes and he takes
his kids next one oh and what happens what there's a place where he's
crucified too speaking of localities there's a place where he's crucified
too and we all know the name is Hebrew nope we
don't unless we're trying to appropriate we don't what does the actual Greek say
go to the go to the next one that Hebrew right what is it look at the look
at the three now what I've done here I'm sorry I didn't mean you yell I'm sorry
children that's not that's not right of me I took a wrong approach um look here
look I got too excited this is alian Syrian and
aan wait what yeah the three languages you mean those three they're
not speaking Hebrew no they haven't been speaking Hebrew there for
centuries do you know what's more popular oh the languages that are in the
area that we would call well part of it is Syria but when they say Syria they
mean ass Syria they're talking calan and why would you need these names
in caldan why would you need a bunch of caldan Hebrew is dead why would you need
the caldan it carries the magic language right the titles are in
caldan oh my goodness you say I thought no don't worry about it it stretches all
the way down to Babylon it's okay that there was no Hebrew in the first century
it's okay that the temples are full the synagogues are full of Greek it's okay
it's okay people right let's get down let's get down to the history the real
stuff okay bring us that bring us that source that next Source chewy fantastic
so this is where he went with his you know with his um students socalled late
at night right in the darkness to be with his students you know it's either that of the fishing boats where the
Peter's remember when he's naked and he has to okay and anyway um somebody
mentioned before I'm bringing this this verse up because on the second line This is for Dion Dion I shout out to
Dion giving him he asked about the spon yeah well how much is it look what
did he what did Judas do he went and got the Spade on right and yeah you could say
cohort um cohort how many is in a cohort well a whole Co cohort is couple
maniples maniples let's see what's a maniple oh God do you hear what's going
on you're in the Roman world you thought you were in the biblical world you are
not you are in a Backwater crap
province in a world that looks so down upon this place it
tortures bad Romans by making them the governor yeah if you did something wrong
to the emperor if you had maybe you I didn't know she was his niece next thing
you know you're governing Judea oh God this place is uncivilized
don't you understand you realize the C Ian language is still being used the
titles that we have in all of the magic they're all cyan oh my God aerop poisons people
follow the technology it's gorgeous let's keep going it's gorgeous let's go back to a text pull it yeah here and any
who um to answer for Dion I don't know um it's a couple couple hundred per
maniple right couple hundred per maniple and um what do they say we've got here
we've got uh let's see see see it's anything coiled of course oh there we go two centuries is a maniple right two
centuries okay so centuries 100 couple hundred but here's the problem Dion it
fluctuates throughout right gets standardized at whatever a specific time
and then a couple hundred years later it's got a totally different composition so what did how do we know how many of
the SWAT members came down to the Garden to be with Jesus it's hard to say he
just got the cohort it could have been a representation you know could have been
like a section of them you know with their heavy weapons look look can also be a guild right it can also be a guild
but it's a Tactical Unit right now we're talking toic wo love it okay Isn't it nice how
the odor the odor of those Egyptian
Greeks love it um okay let's look at his associates as individual Associates as
we take Jesus into trial let's look at this so people that are associated with
him and we got our first guy up here Simon you know what a thug he was Thug
Bulldog you know he's cutting off ears he's like yeah you want you want to hassle us cut your ear off what what is
he what does he do um he's there this Punk kid is there um for the questioning
and when they take Jesus in um he stays at the door he stays at the door next to
the administrative assistant who is a girl who makes sure who goes in who goes
out yeah interesting it's gorgeous let's go let's
go back to the text oh Jee Jesus carrying a cross sorry chewy bring you
you can bring back Jesus in a minute um and what happened what happens um go
back to the one before that I need to go back to the yeah the one that I was just at yeah oh did we lose we our navigation
system there it is okay um so he speaks you know Peter's there and he's responds
to this girl because she says wait a minute aren't you wna aren't you one of
his people right and what does he say hey don't look at me don't look at me right
it says here in the Greek it says he's he's a little bit you know he's a little bit shook up you can tell right this is
big stuff man we got we got Roman soldiers all over the place right this
could go bad and he says Oh Lady let me tell you what look at at that last line
I am not a sun
impos of Jesus right he uses his title Christ the
one who has been christed just like media was walking around with it yeah
he's look there he is um he says I'm not a sun impos and you ask yourself what is
this what is that tell us please tell us Peter what you are
not yeah it's one who goes on board as a passenger okay traveler traveler look at the bottom
importicos trafficker ha trafficker what is the Emporium it's a
place where you traffic you guys know that and if you don't think it's
connected with the human trade look at the last line on section three Roman
numeral number three there's trafficking and women trafficking and women so what
is what does Peter say bring that back up bring that back up so we you want to lose it now look what is it he says I'm
not I am not mixed up in the business with this Christ right very
very specific denial very very specific
denial okay let's go to the next text um yeah this is the Bible again John again
yeah um yeah so he's being question and what do they really want to know they want to know about two things they want
to know petton maon they want to know about his students tell us Jesus about your
students right they just picked him up cross the river in a shady dark place at
4:00 a.m. with a naked kid right they're all standing around going we didn't you know somebody asked where's the naked
Kid ah kid got away there you know he's running little dude was fast all oiled
up just right out of people's hands what was Jesus doing right well
look right this is no longer fun this is no longer fun we're looking
at reality he wants to know the guy who's questioning Jesus the Arch priest what
does he want to know he's asking him he's saying hey what about these students what about these students and
what about your teaching what is your what is your teaching what are you
spreading and what's Jesus what's Jesus uh what are we gonna how how what kind
of response are we gonna have now some of you will think that you're dealing
with the guy in the paintings with the Halo and the ho and the hand and even when he's casting
out the you know money changers even when he's doing that he looks like he
belongs at a concert somewhere right he doesn't look like it's not intimidate
the man is not intimidating right let's look at him
here this is not who you think it is this is gangsta G gangster G and what is Gangster G
doing he's responding but he does does so with a bold bold story he has no lack
of confidence right says Jesus this literally says Jesus don't
shake what he's got to tell to this guy what he's got to tell this guy look you
thought he was humble look we're seeing we're seeing let's see next one let's
see chewy what's the next one boom okay here we go and um Jesus said
look I stood around and I said everything openly right I taught these
people in synagogue in the temple yeah I didn't hide anything I had
nothing now watch watch what nonas shows us of that of those words go ahead hit
it what did Jesus
say oh are you ready are you gonna feel this
this is big this is big are you ready I never
spoke in that coded language that the pirates use never spoke it you won't catch
me I didn't use your lingo I don't have these kids for the
sake of trafficking the ones that he just took into the
temple and they were like ah taking over the place yeah this is who we're talking about we're talking about
co-conspirators that's why those people are afraid to show
up one of them comes and people I don't know why everybody misses this kid
there's a kid who's in with the uncle I think it was of the
priest and this kid is in with him I'm going to show you guess why he's in with
[Music] him because it's about the fishing
business when you go out on those trips do you know why naked Apostles
like Peter end up on boats there's a market there is
impon yeah we have a we have a supply and a
demand guess where we're doing it we're doing it where the lace stays do it
we'll take you out on that boat yeah take you out bro take you out with the
boys who would you like to meet who would you like to meet now do
you understand why there is a crowd of people and by the way this is before
Before Sunrise still there's a crowd of people screaming kill him kill
him do you want this other guy no kill
him yeah yeah I'm not a lace how many time are we gonna have to have lace
dayss associated with Jesus and his boys now it's going to get creepy right I'm
going to show you the mystery that hasn't been revealed fantastic fantasttic thank you for being so
patient you mean I had to wait through seven seasons of this guy oh my God
where's that whip this is one for me this is one for me it took you Seven
Seasons oh I don't know if that I don't know if that hurts or
not perative right we get it out we get it out all right let's go back to the
next to the next text and see let's see that oh my God
ah what does she say about Peter remember remember the um girl that's
watching the door she's like no no this dude this dude's one of them right
excuse me sir right and he's like oh don't look at me I'm not anything I got no business
right and no she says no you're that you know aren't you that dioros of the
Christ what is the dioros it is a christos's position in a
Dior dioros that is the somebody who well you
could say it's a minister you could say it's an assistant
you say it's the person through whom you run the
operation right now you know who Peter is now you know why we make Fishers of
Men and now you know why he had to be the rock with
key yeah remember ananas and safh those those
bumpkins he was like you didn't give us everything nope nope they didn't we know
it and they ended up dead sh don't tell anyone the Christians love that
story yeah that's the rock baby that punk was hip he knew how to drive an
organization he was the Rock and in addition to him the sons of thunder
right we had the sons of thunder there if you don't have sons of thunder you're you're in bad trouble and guess what
that is not any sort of Aramaic or Hebrew expression it is not it is not it
is a Greek expression it's a great call expression
within the mystery so you know enjoy let's go look people we got to enjoy this I'm going to start enjoying bring
me up the next one because this is we are almost done we are almost done what is that
dioros right that Minister that servant right who administers what's
going on who is that dector who is who is Hermes who is that one who facilitates
the kingdom of God if you're on the in the Greek mind
Hermes Hermes the one who is the
thief ladies and gentlemen I introduce you to Hermes the
thief yeah okay don't get scared don't get
scared these the these are the epithets these the Expressions that we're using
to bring this cult's business okay let's go
back next one boom yeah and um Jesus said look
look bra remember he's getting questioned and he's pissed he's pissed and he's speaking up no fear he says
look bro um my kingdom um it's not of this Cosmos and
when he says Cosmos he doesn't mean Universe they're talking organization the organization that you
see around yourself is not mine he says if it were if it were my
hoopai would kick your backsides go to the next one and would
you say what is the ho oh who who are these people they're underling servants
attendants okay people at Arms okay okay good good so Jesus has
Associates he has Associates and if this was his cause most that we were messing
with those Associates would fight but they don't they don't go down sounds
like more threatening to me doesn't it to you sounds like one of those body cam arrests you know what I mean have you
been ma'am have you been drinking yeah okay come on you got to do
something look look what he says here's what nonas makes of those words this is the
impression from Antiquity this is not our modern impression it's know as's
impression and what does he say he says the same thing he says it's not our kingdom baby it's not our kingdom
but if it were my Dres would take up arms what are Dres
what are Dres what is a Dr it's a laborer a
working man oh look there's a feminine form Dr a work
woman okay fine uh oh uh oh people don't look hold your eyes it's coming look at
dco a runaway a la aace do you know what these workmen
do they're runaway children he's got his
favorite he's got his favorite let's go on the boat with Jesus are you ready you
didn't let you love Jesus out there I know some of you love him I know you love Jesus you want to go on his boat
now you perverts yeah cross everywhere you see
the cross where we see the cross most gets my
goat every time leave the goat every time you see this image I want you to
know I want you to know that it is the product of a company
that started on a boat with some kids
doing lastick trafficking yeah yeah do you know how go
ahead take good goodbye Penelope um uh
do you know how that one of the kids gets in it says bring up the text I think it's the next one maybe it's the
next one boom um one of the kids is there that's there at the just yeah
there we go oh yeah um no um who is who is it we're talking
about right look at the word here in the middle l oh God doesn't that let's just freeze
that for a minute doesn't that look gorgeous Lac it oh yeah you know what
that is that's the archaic form oh that's the archaic form the form that
you're seeing from the Bible is you know later much later this is kind of the
earlier form and what is this lace there doing he's talking about
barabus right he's talking about barabus and what kind of dude that he is he was
one of the enforcers he's one of what they call are you ready this is a cult slash gang
title cult gang title remember the baket cult is Gang right and what do they they
have titles and what's the title here for this guy um he's the deathbringer when you need something
done you you get the deathbringer right they were going to put him to
death but they chose not to in order to put Jesus to death
because he pres he presented something that was a higher
Target yeah he outranked him right this is serious stuff dude
this is serious stuff you heard him talking to him they were talking to him
right oh you be with me in Paradise bro right this is him he's bringing it this
is the Christos good let's go to the next one look at this um let's go back step in
the ship real quick oh oh can you feel it oh it's kind of yummy let's go back to
Homer oh yeah let's go back to Homer do
you want some Homer I'll give you some Homer yeah love it oh you strangers who
the who are you who the heck are you where'd you come from on the sailing the
sea right right um You you here to do something or are you just wandering
without a reason that's the second line yeah and then on the third line if you'll notice the third word in is
leus leus he says are you like those pirates
they go over the sea yeah they wander over the sea and what do they do they appropriate
souls and they cause strangers great pain man great
evil why because even when this song was being
composed even at that time in archaic Greece even at that time long before
Classical Greece and democracy at that time the world
was under the control and influence of gangs of gangs Highway robbers and when
you say Highway robber you think yeah put up your hands no I'm gonna kill you and I'm gonna take
your children and sell them to the next town because they aren't that bad
looking this is the group to which Jesus
himself Associates his name when he says I am not one of
these who thought you were one of those Jesus maybe it was the 200 soldiers that
showed up they're going to break up your
gang the only thing you got bro listen look at how unprepared he was only thing he got is three dudes um three teenage
boys one of them is the head pimp and that that kid has got a sword and he's
not very good with it right yeah he's not very good with it at
all you thought all those soldiers fell on the ground and then got up again that's not what Greek says it says they
took Jesus down and he's screaming not a
pirate would you come out here all the weapons let's get it back
to the text back from Homer well we don't need to go back to Homer after Homer here we go oh I love it people
thank you for being here with me this whole time it's very you know love it I
can smell it in the air I love it um yeah and what happened um yeah so they
make him a crown they make him a crown from The Acacia Thorn and they put on
him um this this purple Ro
yeah you say why would they do that that's kind of odd why are they doing that right this is the one that we've
got here look at that what we're going to do to him he's not wearing bad clothes either go go back up to the next
one and um what what where we gonna where does nonas take this nonas takes
this look at the second line um it says Jesus's estheti close they W they're
died with the hati KLU KLU do you know what that KLU is
there that last word that is that sea murex that shell that little shell
creature that is the MX that's why they're purple because they're dyed this
this these they're soaked the clothes are soaked in that hati K and do you
know if you look this up in Greek you'll find that it equals
Kos it's a flippy dippy of two
consonants but culus is the place that it is because of this collection process
because of this whole harvesting of the purple and what you can do with the
burning purple yes right so they're giving them a hard time they're giving
them a hard time and again we're here for associates so let's try to pick up we got the is still not revealed right
if it was you got to give your get your money back for your ticket you guys
didn't pay anything for this so you can't get anything back um but so it's
not there yet don't worry I wouldn't do that to you I I want to give you something good because that's me I'm giving I'm giving human
being okay um verse
40 this oh yeah yeah yeah so he offers him right he eventually goes to Pilot
and he's like what what is this what your truth I don't care um and and then
he's like look I let one of them out there's this dude barabus right he's a l
right I'm I'm gonna let him out can I let him out right and they say no no no
no they're so angry they say no no right I wanted you to see what happens to this
go um from the eyes of antiquity you know what they were doing they were I know
they were really pissed they were really pissed and hearing how mad they were and
this crazy rage coming from their mouth he offered them he said look I'm gonna
give you one of the lace that has been taken captive right
that's been drawn into our Roman uh uh cleaning up of your garbage system right
R don't abide Pirates man that's not you don't have Civic order that way you think these idiots would come to Rome
no no they wouldn't well they did sell slaves on the slave market okay okay
right but they have they got no control like they do in Judea they control the territory right that that Roman Governor
is just there to try to keep the peace and to sort out this kind of stuff right
and he says look I can let one of these dudes go to you right and and just you
know unbind him let him go next one and then what
what never mind it's about the Hebrew keep that up there though
um they say no they say no even though he's the Theses for I mean the the
thanor yeah no don't bring him don't bring the death bring Let Jesus out
Let Jesus out hey isn't one of those kids isn't that kid at the door his kid one of his kids after all yeah he is
let's go to the next Source um I want you to see here for the Hebrew for the things that the that you're going to
read are Hebrew and have been translated as Hebrew they aren't they're a
Syrian they're a form of Syrian language and so having said that I want you to
think about these people that I'm going to introduce you to oh and by the way Jesus's clothes I forgot to tell you
Jesus's clothes they're thesp pastic clothes see that first word they're
oracular they belong to a priest they belong to a King who is God
generated okay if you didn't know that about his clothes it wouldn't make sense to you why the soldiers were doing what
they were doing yeah fantastic there's the thes pesos I want to in introduce
you now to the mystery I'm going to bring you to the mystery so let me get
a we got we've got a little bit of time left and I want to bring you to the
mystery this says magdaline Maria
filos who is Mary Magdalene she is the one who loves the
tears the one who loves the tears if you are to track down um Mary Magdalene you
will find she is the one who's always associated with the tears and you say
wait a minute I don't see her crying anywhere no no no it's not talking about
crying it's not talking about crying um but there was the one incident
with the feet but it's not talking about crying right she didn't get that
label because she did something this is a cult
title do you know who takes care of the tears what are the tears bring me the
whoops is this still Falcon still working bring me the bring me the uh yep
the definition darku on tears look look look people look look look number two that which drops like tears
gum or sap you talk about that tear of
the acacia tear of the acacia do you want to know what Mary
magdalene's love of Tears was all about it's the reason that Jesus could be given such an
expensive enema uhuh yeah which Judas was not happy
about remember that's part of the deal Peter's like hey I'm not in the business now you understand why Jesus never gets
caught with money you were like wait a minute he's
the son of God he loves everything he don't need no
money no dude he was running an operation right he's not that man that
was Judas right who keeps the boys going who keeps
the boys going pirates pirates love it let's go
back to that last one that we were at um under yeah that one okay and here she is
she's the lover of tears next yep to that one good here's I want to pull John 19:25 it's all going to make sense
people there was standing there I'm translating there were standing there at
the base of the cross the mother of Jesus and the sister of his
mother okay stop right there there's no conjunction now this is
not listing more people it goes on to say two
Marys one of them of the kops the other one the M
doll huh and if you remember nonas pointed out
very very specifically just now this is not in
Hebrew this is in those languages that are filtering down from the caucuses from around the
Black Sea down into what you and I call Syria and all the way over to Babylon
you wonder why media say the Greeks ruled Babylon right
it's the Kos
yeah yeah okay wait a minute I feel like I'm waking up from a
long fairy tale dream it's wonderful I love it okay let's keep going um that
back to John where's John get over here John you naughty get over here okay no more of
that here we go um they're standing there and what now now look it says there's
there's two women standing there right mystery I told you I was going to show you a mystery hang on um one's his
mother and one's the sister of his mother now there's no conjunction here
to tell you and there's more people instead what we have is the
description of those two women one Maria of kops and and the other Maria
the magdal there's a for those of you who are into the esoteric and into the codes
go ahead and take it down to I'll give you a special little throw your bone tonight look in the 17th
century for a linguist to tell you that the mdll is the translation of magus
from cyan it's the way the cians
expressed Maga the great witch Queen the one who
knows all the drugs and all the songs and the way to New Life and
Resurrection the Christ she who has been
christed okay that is what mdal is
these two Mar's are not for Marys Mary the
mother of Christ is the Bride of the kops you say
what the thief it's not a name Copus is a name kops isn't CLA no it's the son
who is this who is this thief who is this thief yeah do you ever
wonder why Jesus was taking titles reserved for Hermes did you ever
wonder he's the son of God you morons he's the son of
God not satanic congregation I wasn't talking to you you guys aren
morons it's the people who perpetuate the fantasy that are the
morons um none none of this impacts them n this radiation that we're feeling none
of this impacts them why did they have to close the cannon why did they have to establish an
Orthodoxy they had to pair all of the connections that were
there to the lastic cult sex
rights yeah pair that stuff down take it off that's not we don't accept that
that's not no I'm showing you the thoughts of a Greek who is saying what all of this organization is about let's
go let's go I love it people thank you for your time thank you for your time it's been such a nice gr Seven Seasons
yeah um so here is what here is what nonas
does here's what nonas does with that introduction to John and to the two women and I'm just gonna tell you um he
says does he support these two women does he talk oh my God does he here
comes the mystery are you ready so standing there next to the Cross you know were the people that were gathered
there is Tyro there's Companions and Maria right and Mary who was the god
producer of the Christ who was that one right who produced that Divine Offspring
okay and along with these the next line says at the end of the second line and along with these was this
relative this relative and she was a homonymous Maria she was also called
Maria she had the same name that's what homonymous means right and what and she
was herself Mary Magdalene the lover of Tears the lover
of Tears now I'm going to finish it off and I want you to listen please listen
carefully take it down for one second please listen carefully because
in this text is the key to the
organization it reveals to you those who
are working the mystery who actually performing it are you ready are you
ready you don't think you'd have Jesus with a Jesus Christ without the mystery did you right the Son of God from from
the 12-year-old virgin that was in the temple right right with whose whose
fingers the fingers of the Midwife were burned because of what was inside of
her yeah on her palpitation yeah okay
are you ready let's go let's go right to it um what's this last section so um
Christ saw the one who bore and the Divine
Child even the one he really
loved yeah this divine child um you mean
John is a divine child according to nce he is and he says what does Jesus do
bottom line he says to his mother he says this this expression this you know he gives
her this little thing to do he says hey lady right you who
love The Virgins mother who loves The Virgins um and what's he say oh my God
bring it down ready ready look at your virgin son your
parthenos you say what remember we're talking Associates look at your
paranos he yeah and then he turns to this to the kid his student right who's
standing there with him and he says hey check out your
mother's my precious virgin loving virgin
boy oh seriously now wait a minute check out your
mothers there is a duel in the accusative in this
sentence those two women who were there those two women are active in the
mystery those two women are the ones who are creating the sons of God and of
course they are one of them is the Maga the other one is the Bride of
God this is classical Bronze Age
mystery and Jesus Christ is wrapped up right in the middle and if it weren't
for those Magi who came speaking their Assyrian or seran
terms Jesus would never be where he is now yeah his entire life is a controlled
setup yeah yeah you got to be born into it think of it as privilege people you
got to be born into it and Jesus was born into it at the top
at the top yeah it's quite a market quite a market isn't it okay go um go
back we're finishing off yep go to that one and he says hey he says you know
take her anyway it's get goes on for a second to say you know he took he he he he ended up um following Jesus's
instructions but then it says at the bottom this is nonis again it says and this kid is asoros he's an aspor oros
whe he's an unseated son wait OS sporos yeah he's an unseated
son this blessed God child we're talking about John we're talking about
John this kid is not going to be a breeder yeah this kid is not going to be
a breeder he is a person who has been brought to the
world without out the birthing wait what he is one who is
not his his mother did not enter into the pain wait a minute I thought God
kicked Eve out so she would have the pain of child birth yes because it's a drug it's a compound when I say drug not
a single drug but a compound and it allows you to enter into that state to produ the God child and that state is a
state of painlessness revolutionary let somebody pick that up for Obstetrics and
Gynecology did you know it's better to put your patient into a state where they are completely relaxed and where they
are not feeling pain while they're delivering yeah and you put them into this not quite before coma it's a little
bit before coma before that right you pull them out you put them into this kind of
Slumber it's not really asleep but you put them into this painless state and
from that they bring out the child they bring that God child where do you think they're getting the drugs for this it's
what the MD doll does what do you think that Maga does that's her you say wait a
minute I told you the Greek used a duel a
duel for those two and their
roles interesting okay let's go to the next one yeah I think we skipped one there
there was one in there people before we before we get to this well let's just do this quick theis look child of the Gods
who is a child of the Gods Aeros baby AOS right do you understand why AOS is
pictured as a child now do you understand why Hermes is do you understand why it is that Mary she who
produces that God must be the Bride of Hermes you right you got to the Ponto
baby that's all there is to it and he's like what I don't know what that means
don't worry we'll show you um go to the next one please yes um and yeah here's
the copea right look what is a CLA it's a theft right but it's also the name of
a dance that's cool why because you know we have a god of Thieves we have a god
of Thieves always always pictured as a boy always pictured as a boy this is Peter
baby this is Peter who shows up when cersei's about to poison and rape odyss
and all of his men right who shows up a boy it's the boy Hermes who shows up the
boy Hermes is this why you have a title that
is the Assyrian or Cal the in form of the God who brings us this magic yeah it
is it is thank you thank you Maria for
carrying for carrying that child thank you fantastic it's it's
gorgeous go go to the Yep this is just somebody this is what
he is look born not a natural way now way baby right this is not normal this
you don't get God children normal yeah it's just the way that they do things in Antiquity um now you're
asking yourself okay take this last element to complete
the mystery are you ready take this last element tonight I said we're dealing
with Associates of Jesus Associates of Jesus are you ready oh open your
eyes to the associates open your eyes who is this
virgin boy who's this virgin boy hit it
chewy Revelation 144 yeah these are the ones who did not
pollute themselves with women these are the
virgins and they follow the
lamb wherever he leads these were purchased from Human
markets and they became what did they became the very most ripe most beautiful
that thing which you pick first when you see that apple on the tree and it's got take it down it's got so so juicy and
round and it's oh it's just it's just glowing and you're oh you know you know
you're gonna eat that thing right it's not those ones that those other ones aren't ready yet don't let them grow
there right that one that's ripe oh God it's G to be so sweet that
ripeness that's an offering to God and to the lamb these virgins have been
purchased yeah from the market do you hear the L talking do you hear the L these are the
choice Prime Cuts now the modern Jehovah Witnesses will say we're The
Virgins We're The Virgins let me show you Jehovah's Witnesses who you are your
sex slaves you're sex slaves you aren't who you think you you
you bought into a fairy tale you bought into Jehovah's witness's fairy
tale yeah these virgins those are the
offerings and your God man is a creepy
pirate involved in child sex trafficking yeah you want to you want to
continue next time you go go you hear this next time you show up to a temple next time you show up to a church next
time you show up to a synagogue next time you show up to a
mosque remember the guy who's in the middle the guy who's in your good
book He's creep and for the rest of this season
this final season We Begin the trial of Jesus
Christ thank you for coming tonight you've seen the mystery
activated hell [Music]
Satan forun worldly
reown on the day that it came an you just turned it
down all the way
why did you ever change your name
oh why did you ever change your [Music]
name